Release 2.10.16 (#10008)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.16

> ### Run `prefect deploy` without a flow entrypoint

Reviewer: without specifying?

> With release we've made it easier to deploy your first flow! Previously you needed to have a flow entrypoint in order to deploy a flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then select which flow you want to deploy as part of the interactive deployment process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With release we've made it easier to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to specify a particular flow entrypoint with the command in order to a specific flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then select which flow you want to deploy as part of the interactive deployment process.
```

> With release we've made it easier to deploy your first flow! Previously you needed to have a flow entrypoint in order to deploy a flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then select which flow you want to deploy as part of the interactive deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're making it easier than ever deploy to your first flow! Previously you needed to have a flow entrypoint in order to deploy a flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then select which flow you want to deploy as part of the interactive deployment process.
```

> We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously you needed to have a flow entrypoint in order to deploy a flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then select which flow you want to deploy as part of the interactive deployment process.

Reviewer: instead of "and then select which flow.." 

maybe

"and then our interactive deployment CLI will additionally guide you to select a flow"

Reviewer: something like that

> We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to run `prefect deploy <entrypoint>` to deploy a specific flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to run `prefect deploy <entrypoint>` to deploy a specific flow. Now, you can simply run `prefect deploy` and the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy!
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion, personal preference

> We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to specify a particular flow entrypoint in your `prefect deploy` command in order to deploy a specific flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you need to run `prefect deploy <entrypoint>` to specify a particular flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy.
```

> We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to specify a particular flow entrypoint in your `prefect deployt` command in order to deploy a specific flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're making it easier than ever to deploy your first flow! Previously, you needed to specify a particular flow entrypoint in your `prefect deploy` command in order to deploy a specific flow. Now, you can run `prefect deploy` and then the interactive CLI will guide you through the process of selecting a flow to deploy.
```

![flow selector example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12350579/247144440-d89916d4-cbf1-408e-9959-45df94a35f8d.png)

For more details on implementation, see the following pull request: 
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10004

### Enhancements

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Added option to specify work queue priority during creation from cli — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9999

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add option to specify work queue priority during creation from CLI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9999
```

> - Added option to specify work queue priority during creation from cli — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9999

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added option to specify work queue priority during creation from CLI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9999
```

> - Added hint to "Invalid timezone" error message — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10007

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve "Invalid timezone" error message — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10007
```

### Fixes

> - Fixed wrong key used in generated `git_clone` step — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9997

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix wrong key used in generated `git_clone` step — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9997
```

### Deprecations

> - Deprecated `prefect deploy` `--ci` flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10002

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `prefect deploy` `--ci` flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10002
```

### Documentation

> - Updated events section for cloud docs index.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9904

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update events section In Prefect Cloud documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9904
```

> - Updated events section for cloud docs index.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9904

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Resolve missing image in Prefect Cloud event documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9904
```

- Fixed typo in webhooks documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10003

### Integrations

> - Fixed bug in `KubernetesWorker` where flow runs crashed during submission - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-kubernetes/pull/76

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in `KubernetesWorker` where flow runs crashed during submission - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-kubernetes/pull/76

```

> ### Contributors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Contributors
```
